create a app multi functional ai toll  webapp application name "ZoneTools" and listel carefully use advance frameworks to make it better  . first show a advanced responsible flashsreen after that show a well designed massage "Welcome Hero" for 2 second . and in the top give a search button that well deisgned and add a search icon also . and in the top right add a 3dot button like any app when click on 3 dot show a slide bar in the slide bar add settting and theme option like LIght ,dark etc. ok . in the center add the ai tools and manage them in a seprate responsible size and well designed . in the bottom show the copyright massage that "COPYRIGHT@ ALL RIGHT RESERVED " . add the first ai tool in the app wich is "Ai BG Remover " after clicking on Ai BG Remover show the nest Screen add a file select component also add drag and drop feture only for images in the below add a smart and designed colorpicker to choose color and after that add a button "Remove BG" use the remove.bg Api key for background removing wich is "yjvnCpDCuVcPsYAAJxSsg6FA" and after click on Remove BG button show a designed progress bar after completed show the download button to download the image . add network and file access ,file download permissions for the user . designed every part of the app very well use a white apple apps  theme ok . now add the second ai tool wich is "Ai Image Generator" use a free opensource model api for this if you cant find api i will provide it letter but try to find a api key otherwise i will type the api key in the app later . after clicking on the Ai Image Generator show the next screen add a chatbot look like interface to prive the image prompt in the bottom add a promp sending component and a sending button and aftersending use the api to genrate image after that provide teh image for the user in the below of the iamges show the download button to download the image . make sure that threre is no error . add advance animation wich used in other populer ai tools apps . and add effect . design the every part of the app in a same white or black color according the user choose in the theme setting . you can use little color in some litttle area to make app better also think to implement it as the users need . 